# man page for msb-simul-server
## NAME 
**msb-simul-server** creates simulation servers with their own domains on the local machine to test programs that connect to a remote machine.
## SYNOPSIS
**msb-simul-server** [objectPath] [ objectId1 ... objectIdN ] -action [ actionArg1 .. actionArgM]

## DESCRIPTION 
### etc-hosts
Use this object path to manage the entire collection of simulation domains in the /etc/hosts file.

### etc-hosts.domain
Use this object path to add or delete an individual simulation domain in the /etc/hosts file.

### server.ssh
Use this object path to install, uninstall, or verify the installation of the local openssh-server.

## OPTIONS

### --help
shows the general help paragraph.

### [objectpath] --help
shows general help for the object path.

### --version
shows the program's version.

### --license
shows the program's license.

### etc-hosts -show
This command lists the domains added to the /etc/hosts file. Synopsis:  
**msb-simul-server** etc-hosts -show

### etc-hosts.domain [obj] -exists
This command checks if a simulation domain has been registered in /etc/hosts. Example:  
**msb-simul-server** etc-hosts.domain packages.garagesoft.com -exists  
This command outputs 'yes' if the simulation domain exists and 'no' if it doesn't.

### etc-hosts.domain [obj] -delete
This command deletes a domain from the /etc/hosts file. You must be root or else have sudo privileges to execute this command. Example:  
sudo **msb-simul-server** etc-hosts.domain mytestdomain.com -delete

### etc-hosts.domain [obj] -add
This command adds a domain to the /etc/hosts file. You must be root or have sudo privileges to execute it. Example:  
sudo **msb-simul-server** etc-hosts.domain mytestdomain.org -add

### server.ssh -uninstall
This command uninstalls the openssh-server package. You must be root or have sudo privileges to execute it. Synopsis:  
sudo **msb-simul-server** server.ssh -uninstall

### server.ssh -install
This command installes the openssh-server package on your system. You must be root or have sudoers privileges to execute it. Synopsis:  
sudo **msb-simul-server** server.ssh -install

### server.ssh -check-if-installed
This command checks if the openssh-server package has been installed previously. Synopsis:  
**msb-simul-server** server.ssh -check-if-installed  
The command outputs 'yes' if this is the case and 'no' if it isn't.

## EXIT-STATUS 
### 0
A zero exit code means that everything went ok.
### 1
A one exit code is usually an error generated by **msb-simul-server** itself.
### other
Another exit code is always an error generated by one of the underlying programs invoked by **msb-simul-server**.

## FILES 
### /etc/hosts
The system will query this file before querying a remote DNS resolver to discover the IP address associated to a particular domain. We add the simulation domains to this file to give the impression that we are querying a remote server, while in fact the server is our own local machine.

## AUTHOR
Erik Poupaert <erik@sankuru.biz>

## REPORTING-BUGS
Report bugs to: erik@sankuru.biz

# COPYRIGHT
Licensed under: GPL
